I have tape and all of my makeup can you
guess what's about to happen full
disclosure I am NOT the best in the
world and makeup I probably not the best
in the world at pretty much anything I
guess the number of people in the world
who are the best in the world or
something probably about the same as the
number of distinguishable activities k
alright so I'm starting off with my
really cheap as hell foundation and a
ecotools foundation brush and I'm just
gonna blend away the brush marks with my
heat off brand Beauty Blender this I
wanted to do this because I thought it
looked cool in other people I didn't
think it was half as much of a like
drastic effect on my face as it did with
other people's because I don't really
wear that much makeup but it's kind of
more drastic than I thought I'll here on
cream contouring I don't usually do this
every day but I thought I was like
consciously putting on more makeup to
try and make the effect more obvious and
then just hit your face abuse your face
with a beauty blender until it's pretty
all right time to set i think i'm
setting the highlight sections with the
translucent powder and then i'm gonna
get out another sleek palette the cream
the cream color palette was sleek and
then this is a powder contour apart from
sleek and i'm going to use the bronzer
from that to set the contour sections
i'm talking like I know what I'm doing I
have no idea what I'm doing I'm just
making it up as I go along like the rest
of the girls who do this that was me
highlighting and i'm about to blush i
just took the tape off because it was
getting annoying and I did everything
that required the tape that's me
remembering that I've got to blush and
I'm gonna get out my this is my spoolie
brush with a like eyebrow gel on it to
shape my brows and then I'm drawing in
my brows with another sleek brow kit
which has this little pigmented wax that
I used to fill in some of the brow and
then powder that I used to set the brow
and
and then I'm gonna get out some other
stuff and pretend how to use it yes my
naked palette pretending that I know
what I'm doing with my naked palette I
have quite a pale face so it's quite
hard to find make up for me and sleek is
very good at making make up for pale
skin and they're also cruelty-free which
is always good stop for second so I ran
out of space that's a common thing
apparently eyeliner this port is new
brush and it's just like a silicon tip
and I kind of love it it all I need to
do in this kind of post switch because I
ran out of space on my phone to record
section is my eyeliner and my mascara I
kind of loved doing a half face with
this because it meant that I didn't have
to match my eyeliner on my other eye so
I could just kind of leave it as it was
and not worry about the matching and I
wear brown gel eyeliner from Maybelline
and a Rimmel brown black mascara which
one pull lipstick her lipstick case is
just me applying my liquid lipstick it's
again sleek liquid lipstick I love this
shade it's nice as a like I call it a
whole lipstick it's like a going-out
lipstick alright so this is what you can
actually see and the lighting isn't the
best but you can actually kind of see
especially on my nose wear the makeup
line is I wasn't the best to putting the
tape on so it's not the most even and
one of my eyes is way more open it's
really cool I don't usually get like
well into makeup trends and stuff and
like makeup tutorials because I don't
really know how did you make up but I
did think this looked really cool
alright creepy half face complete in a
bit lads and lasses
[Music]
you